feat(docs): add description of working luminaires with limitations (#5)
lkempf/casambi-bt: README.md

The author is not associated with Casambi and the implementation is based on his own analysis of the protocol.
This interface is not feature complete and was only tested with a very small network.

> If you want to check out my (slow) progress in writing a integration for Homeassistant using this library you can take a look at [https://github.com/lkempf/casambi-bt-hass/](https://github.com/lkempf/casambi-bt-hass/).

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to check out my (slow) progress in writing a integration for Home Assistant using this library you can take a look at [https://github.com/lkempf/casambi-bt-hass/](https://github.com/lkempf/casambi-bt-hass/).
```
